Want to conclude the section with one ever built in structural directive which might be handy from time
to time energies switch imagine decays that we have a value like this which is simply 10.
Anything you want.
Now we got a place where Edward disvalue changes and we get a couple of different messages.
We want to display for each of these values for this we can use ngi switch.
So let's add a new db.
Below are paragraphs with our own attribute directives and entries which is used like this.
We are blind to and you switch with property binding.
So no start at this point and we point to value.
So there's our condition.
Basically what we want to check and then you might be aware that switch has a couple of cases we can
cover.
So let's say we have a paragraph where we say value is five.
Then we have the same for 10.
Then we have to say for 100 and maybe for default.
Now we need to add something to these paragraphs to control which paragraph gets shown because it should
only be one of these at a time that something is and you switch case and we simply pass the value for
this case here as an argument for example 5 and we need to start at the beginning.
That's super important.
So here the star comes into play again because behind the scenes this is done all xul transformed by
angular.
So now we can use this here for the average use cases two with 10 and with 100.
And finally for the default case we have Engy switch default like this.
Now here we also need to add to store of course with this in place if we save this we only see 10 here.
And if I go to my component and I change this to 5 like this then of course we see five.
So this is Energis which super easy to use might be useful in some cases where you find yourself creating
a lot of energy if conditions energies which might be the better solution in such cases.
So there is structural directives finished and there is directives overall finished.
You'll learn a lot about them and I hope this knowledge allows you to create awesome directives for
your applications in cases where the built in ones aren't everything you need.
Even though these already cover a lot of the default use cases to be honest.
So let's move on let's add a directive to our recipe book in the next section and then let's move on
in the courts.
See you there.